For more inf ormation, please contact “On all m y journe ys, I w ant t o be 
reassured that m y car 
will be w ell cared f or.” 
Choose an insurance policy that 
relieves you fr om y our w orries.Motor Insurance
 SMS <SER VICE> to 5667 700  
 customersupportba@icicilombard.com 1800-1 03-2292 (T oll F ree)ICICI Lombard General Insurance
Private Car  
Insurance P olicySmar t        Drive
 For more details on risk factor and terms & cond-
tion, please read the sales brochure carefully before 
concluding a sale
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Ltd., ICICI Lombard House, 414,
Veer Savarkar Marg, Prabhadevi, Mumbai – 400025, IRDAI Registration No: 115.
UIN: IRDAN139RP0032V01200809Private Car  
Insurance P olicySmar Drive
Prohibition  of Rebates  – Section 41 of the Insurance  Act, 1938  1) No person shall 
allow  or offer to allow  either directly or indirectly  as an inducement to any person to 
take out or renew or continue  an insurance  in respect  of any kind of risk relating to 
lives or property  in India  any rebate  of the whole  or part of the commission  payable 
or any rebate  of the premium shown on the policy, nor shall any person taking out 
or renewing or continuing a policy  accept any rebate,  except such rebate  as may be 
allowed in accordance with the published prospectus or tables of the insurer.
2) If any person shall fail to comply with sub regulation (1) above, he shall be liable 
to payment of fine which may extend to rupees ten lakhs.
The advertisement  contains only an indication of cover offered.  For more details on 
risk factors,  terms,  conditions and exclusions,  please read the sales brochure / 
policy  wordings carefully  before  concluding a sale ICICI trade  logo displayed above 
belongs to ICICI Bank and is used by ICICI Lombard  GIC Ltd. under  license  and 
Lombard logo belongs to ICICI Lombard GIC Ltd.www .bhar ti-ax agi.co.in
ADV/12272.Fill in the proposal form in all respects and kindly do not 
leave any blanks 
For any clarif ication on the product or the premium, feel 
free to call the nearest branch office or our customer care 
number 
Please pay the premium preferably by way of A/C payee 
cheq ue or DD 
What does this policy not cover?
Some of the major exclusions under the policy are:
Conseq uential loss
Depreciation; wear and tear
Mechanical and elect rical breakdo wn; failure or break age 
When the vehicle is used outside the geographical area 
When used contrary to limitations as to use 
 
War perils, nuclear perils and drunk en driving
Getting started, smar tly!
Here’s what you need to do, to get your very own 
Smart Drive Private Car Insurance Policy:
Read the prospect us carefully
Regarding the value of the vehicle to be insured and the 
premium payable, please contact our agent or the nearest 
branch office or customer care numberWhile regist ering the claim, the following information will 
help us serve you faster:
Policy number
Name of the ins ured 
Insured’s / caller’s cont act number
Date and time of a ccident
Location of accidentClaims procedure
Fast, f air and friendly
Life is a long driv e in 
whic h you tra vel with
your near and dear ones 
by your side. T o mak e this journe y 
more comf ortable and secure, 
think smar t!A smar t step
What does this policy cover?
The policy provides cover for the following occurrences:
1. Accidenta l damage to the vehicle
2. Liability for third-par ty injur y or death, and damage  
 caused to their proper ty
3. By paying an additional premium, you can opt for extra 
covers in case of:
Loss or damage to elect rical and 
     non-electr ical accesso ries
Personal accident cover for the insured and any  
 named or unnamed passenger(s)
Legal liability to persons employed
  (paid drivers/cleaners)
Legal liability to employees of the insured
  (other than paid drivers / cleaners)
At ICICI Lombard,  cash less / direct  settlement  is provided  to 
the garages  of the choice  of customer.  On the request  of the 
client,  the company  is willing  to pay to the garage  of                
customer's  choice  across  India, provided  the garage  is a 
Dealer or Authorized service station.
Get in touch  with ICICI Lombard  through  our number 
080-49123900  or email us at customersupportba@    
icicilombard.com  clearly  mentioning your postal  address,  for 
a hassle-free Smart Drive  Private Car Insurance Policy.To enable us to help you, we request you to register a claim by
contacting  our helpline: 080 - 49123900  or e-mail us at 
customersupportba@icicilombard.comIn all aspects of life, safety is an important  conce rn. Howeve r, 
despite precautions,  an unfortunate event  may occur at any 
time. We, at ICICI Lombard,  promise  to be at your side during 
your time of distress.  To enable us to help you, we request 
you to register  a claim by contacting our Helpline: 
1800-103-2292  (Toll-free ). Please intimate  the help desk as 
soon  as a claim occurs, so that we can provide  you quick and 
effective  service. You can, alternatively, also register  a claim 
by e-mail on customersupportba@icicilombard.comSimple,  yet comprehensive;  this defines ICICI Lombard’s 
SmartDrive Private Car Insurance Policy. This policy provides
protection against liabilities  arising  out of an unfortunate 
event uality. It also covers your motor  vehicle  used for social, 
pleasure and domestic  purposes  as well as profession al 
purposes.first
When driven by a person ther than  the driver stated in 
the driver’s clause 
This is not an exhaustive list. For a detailed list of the
exclusion, please read our policy terms and conditions. 